[SofaNG] Setup IO (#2582)
sofa-framework/sofa: SofaKernel/modules/SofaLoader/CMakeLists.txt

set(SOFALOADER_SRC "src/${PROJECT_NAME}")

set(HEADER_FILES
    ${SOFALOADER_SRC}/config.h.in
    ${SOFALOADER_SRC}/initSofaLoader.h
)

set(SOURCE_FILES
    ${SOFALOADER_SRC}/initSofaLoader.cpp
)

add_library(${PROJECT_NAME} SHARED ${HEADER_FILES} ${SOURCE_FILES})

> message(WARNING "${PROJECT_NAME} module is deprecated; its components are in Sofa.Component.IO.Mesh.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message(WARNING "${PROJECT_NAME} is deprecated. It will be removed at v23.06. Use Sofa.Component.IO.Mesh instead.")
```
